Add documentation for Flakes (#23)
input-output-hk/adrestia: docs/code/Flakes/Tutorials/Hacking.md

> ---
> title: 03-Create a Development Environment
> date: 2021-02-09
> ---

Reviewer: It's possible to order documents in their folder by adding:
```suggestion
---
title: 03-Create a Development Environment
date: 2021-02-09
order: 3
---
```

Author: Addressed in a7bd2f9

## Hacking

> `nix-shell` has been replaced by `nix develop`, and by default it builds the attribute `devShell.x86_64-linux`, so a simple python development environment would look like this:

Reviewer: Could we add a link to the [`nix develop` man page](https://nixos.org/manual/nix/stable/command-ref/new-cli/nix3-develop.html) ?

Author: Addressed in e6bbfe1.

`flake.nix`
```

> {
>   description = "A very basic flake";
> 
>   inputs = {
>     nixpkgs.url = "github:NixOS/nixpkgs/nixos-21.11";
>   };
> 
>   outputs = { self, nixpkgs }:
>     let
>       pkgs = nixpkgs.legacyPackages.x86_64-linux
>     in {
>       devShell.x86_64-linux = pkgs.mkShell {
>         nativeBuildInputs = [
>           pkgs.python3
>         ];
>       };
>     };
> }
> ```

Reviewer: Can we cut down the examples so that they are still self-contained, but only deal with the topic of this page?
For example, remove pinning of nixpkgs, unless the page is about version pinning.

But here is a more interesting example of what could be put in the shell:
````suggestion
{
  description = "Flake with a development environment";

  outputs = { self, nixpkgs }: {
    devShell.x86_64-linux =
      with nixpkgs.legacyPackages.x86_64-linux;
      mkShell {
        nativeBuildInputs = [
          (python3.withPackages (ps: [ ps.numpy ps.toolz ps.requests ]))
        ];
      };
  };
}
```

This is an example of adding Python and some Python Wheels to the shell. More information (for those interested) can be found in the
[Nixpkgs Manual Python section](https://nixos.org/manual/nixpkgs/stable/#python).
````

Author: This builds on tutorial 2, and so I left the version pinning in to minimize required code changes from the last `flake.nix`, but feel free to remove.
